feat: validate scene thumbnail (#236)
decentraland/adr: content/ADR-236-validate-scene-thumbnail.md

---
adr: 236
date: 2023-05-12
title: Add validation that prevents scene thumbnails from being URLs
status: Review
authors:
  - marianogoldman
type: Standards Track
spdx-license: CC0-1.0
---

## Context and Problem Statement

Currently, it is possible to add a full URL as a thumbnail in the scene 

> display metadata. That fields should only allow referencing a file that is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
display metadata. This `thumbnail` field should only allow referencing a file that is 
```
